Bump up version to v.0.0.4 and update readme (#22)
GoogleChromeLabs/rollup-plugin-webbundle: README.md

A WBN file `dist/out.wbn` should be written.

### Isolated Web App (Signed Web Bundle)

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add an introductory paragraph like "Isolated Web Apps are a proposed new way of building applications using web standard technologies that will have useful security properties unavailable to normal web pages. Rather than being hosted on live web servers and fetched over HTTPS, these applications are packaged into Signed [Web Bundles](https://wicg.github.io/webpackage/draft-yasskin-wpack-bundled-exchanges.html), signed by their developer. Read the full explainer [here](https://github.com/WICG/isolated-web-apps)."

Author: I added a link to the IWA explainer behind the title so the spec/information will be kept in one place rather than spread around. Also added links to integrity block explainer too where-ever it's mentioned

This example assumes your application entry point is `src/index.js`, static
files (including `index.html`) are located in `static` directory and you have a
`.env` file in the root directory with `ED25519KEY` defined in it. The example

> also requires installing `dotenv` and `wbn-sign` npm packages as dev

Reviewer: `wbn-sign` should be installed automatically, given that it is listed in `package.json`.

dependencies.

> 

Reviewer: Could you also add a sentence that there must be a [Web App Manifest](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Manifest) at `/manifest.webmanifest`, e.g. by placing such a file in the static folder?

```js
/* rollup.config.mjs */
import webbundle from 'rollup-plugin-webbundle';
import * as wbnSign from 'wbn-sign';
import dotenv from 'dotenv';
dotenv.config({ path: './.env' });

export default {
  input: 'src/index.js',
  output: {
    dir: 'dist',
    format: 'esm',
  },
  plugins: [
    webbundle({

>       baseURL: new wbnSign.WebBundleId(

Reviewer: Maybe add an explanation here, linking to https://github.com/WICG/isolated-web-apps/blob/main/Scheme.md, that describes what this line is doing and why the base URL must be isolated-app://bla?

Author: Added above to keep the code clean.

        wbnSign.parsePemKey(process.env.ED25519KEY)
      ).serializeWithIsolatedWebAppOrigin(),
      static: { dir: 'public' },
      output: 'signed.swbn',
      integrityBlockSign: {
        key: process.env.ED25519KEY,
      },
    }),
  ],
};
```

> A web bundle with integrity block (.swbn) `dist/signed.swbn` should be written.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A signed web bundle (= a normal web bundle preceded by an Integrity Block containing signing information) should be written to `dist/signed.swbn`.
```

Specifies the file name of the Web Bundle to emit.

### `integrityBlockSign`

Type: `{ key: string }`

Object specifying the signing options with Integrity Block.

> ### `integrityBlockSign.key` (required if `integrityBlockSign` in place)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `integrityBlockSign.key` (required if `integrityBlockSign` is in place)
```

Type: `string`

> Ed25519 type of private key as a string, which can be generated with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A PEM-encoded Ed25519 private key as a string, which can be generated with:
```
